Update CHANGELOG for v0.2.4 (#241)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/hipSPARSELt: CHANGELOG.md

* Support for ROC-TX if `HIPSPARSELT_ENABLE_MARKER=1` is set.
* Support for the cuSPARSELt v0.6.3 backend.

### Optimized

* Improved the library loading time.
* Provided more kernels for FP16 datatype.

### Removed

> * Support for the LLVM target gfx940 and gfx941 has been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for LLVM targets gfx940 and gfx941 has been removed.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion.

> * hipsparseLtDatatype_t has been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hipsparseLtDatatype_t` has been removed.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion.
